Jessica Tate: Hi.
Jessica Tate: Okay. Bye bye.
Jessica Tate: Yes, I can hear you.
Okay, I'm here.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so thank you so much. I was just about to send you a message.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, sorry about
Jessica Tate: No, no, I sent here to I got ready, got my daughter fed earlier than normal, and then set here like a dummy until 512 and then got on the virtual clinic. I don't like. And then I went back and look those texts like really Jessica.
Jessica Tate: I don't. And literally, you're just text me like four hours before so sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: No. No, you're good, you're good. Um, it gave me some time to unwind after I got home.
Jessica Tate: Right, so
That's fine.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: In reference to what you were saying to me.
Jessica Tate: You were
Richelle Direny: You were sending. I know. So this is the thing I know with the doctor Jamison, she does things a little bit differently and in all honesty I really truly kind of like her style because she kind of follows the model.
Jessica Tate: Right.
Jessica Tate: And I and and I understand that, but that's not what she said. When Dr. Malik was still here. That's why I don't get that. Like, and that if that's how she was going to do it. Cool. Say that, but that's not what she said. Like when
Richelle Direny: Well, she is kind of maintaining she is kind of maintaining and that's the reason
Richelle Direny: She in her defense because, you know, it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: If I leave and someone else takes over, they are going to try their best to maintain what was already established and not necessarily disrupt it but then over time is going to kind of
Richelle Direny: Restructure it in a better setting or what have you. And I do know that Dr. Malik, like if you notice, like the groups are done differently. Dr. Malik used to have you guys come out of the group.
Jessica Tate: I like that better because I don't like people knowing how much I get because like there was people from my town.
Jessica Tate: That was literally in the groups with me, which I do like that, that she changed it where those people that I know in my town or in my group because they didn't know how much medicine. I got and there was a certain
Jessica Tate: Boy, his name is Zach Giffin which thank god. He's not in my group, he found out that I take two a day and he would. And he never knew that before, because I never
Jessica Tate: Told him, but then Dr. James and like literally is like, okay, you're on two strips a day in front of the whole group and then he started like, Hey, do you have some. Do you have some I'm sick.
Jessica Tate: Someone stole mine. Like he started doing stuff like that. But she finally took care of that and put him in a totally different group but i i like the privacy that he gave I really like that.
Richelle Direny: And so and so some people would prefer that. Um, I think what what I really appreciate is that like she does, she does kind of like a whole check in with everyone.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think, like you, you have to like specifically saying, Hey, Dr. You know Jamison, I prefer because don't you meet with her individually. No.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you don't meet with her individually, but I do know that she does have some individual appointments, but you can just send her a message on the if you notice on the bottom, there's a chat.
Jessica Tate: And yeah.
Richelle Direny: And just take it off of everyone and just send it directly to her.
Richelle Direny: If there's something or you can say, hey, you know what, at the end, can I meet with you by yourself so that
Richelle Direny: You right
Jessica Tate: So I'm not, I'm not worried about it now. It was just
Jessica Tate: I like I said people literally living in my town. I did not want them to know that because like we were drug addicts, we used to, hey to so and
Jessica Tate: so and so has 10 Percocet. Do you want any type stuff. So I didn't. And I like the people from my town. I'm the one
Jessica Tate: That said, hey, you should get clean. This is a really good program and I gave them the information. So, yeah. So, but she she took care of that was back and put him. I have new spoke to him anything since she separated us, which I really like that.
Richelle Direny: Row like that.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, so, so it's, um, it's good.
Jessica Tate: Man, I don't. I mean, I don't, I don't care. Now if she says
Jessica Tate: Stuff because no one. I don't think there's even anyone almost in my state or if they are. I don't know them personally. So I don't, I don't care. Now, it was just like the people that I knew I didn't want them them to know. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And then I think
Richelle Direny: You know it and I get. I get the definitely the concern because now everybody's really often
Richelle Direny: Somebody's business went
Richelle Direny: Yeah vacation piece of it. But, um, but I think more over in terms of kind of her style of doing it, it's more staying true to and and in no means am I saying anything you know about Dr. Malik because I really didn't like him when I started with him. But what I like. It's just the whole
Richelle Direny: Program or what the Suboxone maintenance is all about where you're not just taking the medication or you're not just being prescribed a medication, but at the same time, if you really truly are.
Jessica Tate: On this road to recovery.
Richelle Direny: Are you just taking a pill or or are you doing what you need to do while you maintain some degree of stabilization and working on the issues that kind of got you on this roller coaster in the first place.
Richelle Direny: Right, that's kind of what her thing is, and while she doesn't, because I know you were one of a lot of the the batch of patients that we kind of started with Dr. Malik, and you were working with Angie long before
Richelle Direny: I started
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, I do know that there are some people who see a therapist in the community and they don't see the do the individuals with
Richelle Direny: Bright heart and that's fine. And she maintains that and I think part of what she's doing now is saying.
Richelle Direny: Even if you're not if you're getting therapy in the community. That's fine. Like, I'm not about to say no, you have to come here again you have to really develop a rapport and you have to feel comfortable who it is that you're meeting with
Richelle Direny: Right at the same time, I think her what she believes in as a doctor.
Richelle Direny: I really truly respect the fact that she's saying, not only am I meeting you for mid management. But I also want you to see someone and talk to them, whether you set it up once a month, once every other month at least as long as she has that knowledge that you are doing something
Jessica Tate: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Your identity for two years. I mean, do you need to see. I mean, I mean, unless you didn't really start seeing a therapist and whole and you're just taking because there are people who, that's all they do. They just want a script and they don't want to do anything else.
Jessica Tate: Was a I've been
Jessica Tate: I've. This is like my fist program and none of its ever worked. And I did that every single week and
Jessica Tate: Just listen to the counselor. I don't know. There's something different about this. And that's why, that's why when people try to talk bad about Dr. Malik. And he did it wrong, like I got clean because of him, like the way he did. Shit. And he and he was he was he was hardcore with it. I
Jessica Tate: Didn't counseling every week.
Jessica Tate: I had to do group every week and I had to prove myself and work myself up. It's not, it's not just like he was like okay you tested positive or you you were good one time. So, okay.
Richelle Direny: Because I don't have
Jessica Tate: anything ever again. I think it was consistent like it was four months and then and then he worked me up to two weeks and then three weeks and then that's how he did it and
Jessica Tate: I've never been able to stay clean until this program. I've never had two years since I started using it'll be two years, the day after Easter that I've been clean and it is that's never happened in my since I got in my wreck in 2009 it's never happened.
Jessica Tate: I sometimes drug every, you know, every day since I was in that car wreck. Yes.
Richelle Direny: And. And yes, I do know that that was part of their their their kind of the system is that
Richelle Direny: You had to have been on in the program for a few months, and stay consistent, like you said before, you didn't have to come to group weekly or, you know, but
Richelle Direny: Again,
Richelle Direny: Like I said, I know with
Jessica Tate: Dr. Jamison
Richelle Direny: As it's related to the counseling. She is just more about if I noticed that with her chickens. She asked everyone. Are you in counseling. And if you're in counseling in the community.
Richelle Direny: Then she'll just kind of jot that down and just leave it that way. I know that's kind of the system that she has going down.
Richelle Direny: Again, you know, like I had some made the suggestion and partly why I say monthly. It's because there is also the
Richelle Direny: Treatment plan, please, because being in a program. Are you following through. And having that check in, depending on how the treatment plan is written, it's checking in to see, are you on track. Are you doing are you maintaining and are you following the plan as it's written and I know
Richelle Direny: The thing.
Richelle Direny: Is I'm the only outside of john I'm the only clinician.
Richelle Direny: That does do groups out. Like I said, outside of john
Richelle Direny: So if
Richelle Direny: There are some people who they see a different therapists. So with me. You're on my caseload and I mean you see john so I really truly never ever see you. I think
Richelle Direny: The last time I seen you was with Dr. Malik, wasn't it
Jessica Tate: I it's been a long time I, um, do you mind if I smoke.
Jessica Tate: Okay. Um, I do see someone but I quit outside because they tried to get me on medicine. So I wrote her
Richelle Direny: Outside of what you're doing now with
Jessica Tate: Very hard. Yes, yes. But, like, just for mental stuff not not Suboxone. I don't want to be on more medicine. I'm they said it was a it was just like for depression and
Jessica Tate: And I just don't want want to be so I just stopped going and they I felt like they were pressuring me to be on medicine and I don't I'm afraid I don't want to be
Jessica Tate: Addicted to another thing I just don't
Jessica Tate: And so like I went three times and then I quit going. It's like right literally a mile down from my right. It's called six counties.
Jessica Tate: They do counseling, just because I was feeling like depressed and I can't sleep the sleeping pills that I take
Jessica Tate: Dr. Malik said you were not supposed to take those with Suboxone but Dr. Jamison said I could. So, I still have been taking those
Jessica Tate: My husband hates that I take them. But if I don't take them. I don't sleep whatsoever. And they were. I don't know. They were just trying to get me on
Jessica Tate: Like these, I don't even know what the medicines were I forget now it's been a while but i i don't like I take the sleeping pills, because they're over the counter.
Jessica Tate: But I just don't want to be on any more medicine. So it's been like two months since I seen them there.
Jessica Tate: At the counseling place.
Richelle Direny: Amen. You know what I have to say that I do. And again, I always tell everyone I am not, I will never ever say don't take them as if it's prescribed to you. I tried to educate or that is concerned.
Richelle Direny: That medication is really truly to kind of get you to a place of stability. So it's like can I speak to. Can I have a logical
Richelle Direny: Conversation when a person is high.
Jessica Tate: I think under
Richelle Direny: Process anything. No.
Jessica Tate: Okay, right.
Richelle Direny: So you can't talk about first of all in the middle of them being high or you. It's like you're trying to have a logical conversation when a person is super drunk like
Jessica Tate: A car seat. It's not happening.
Richelle Direny: It's not happening. So once you
Richelle Direny: Get that person to a place of stability where they're able to process what it is, then that's when you kind of now explore and talk about like okay well what was going on. What, what, give me the sequence of events. Let's process this together.
Richelle Direny: In that once you start learning your effective coping skills and then you can talk to your
Richelle Direny: Provider about, hey, can we taper down off of this medication because now I'm learning the skills and the tools that I need where I'm no longer dependent on taking a med
Richelle Direny: Now the same with the Suboxone therapy. You know, I've talked about it in some of the group's I'm like you know what is your ultimate plan is it to eventually
Richelle Direny: Not be be dependent upon taking this Suboxone and be eventually not having to go to the pharmacy to take a hook to get a medication.
Jessica Tate: And just live
Richelle Direny: Free of any form of chemicals in your body, even if it's in a pill form or strict form, it's a chemical that you're putting in your mind.
Jessica Tate: So addicted.
Jessica Tate: My, my problem is I have severe pain every day. So I don't know what I'm going to do. And that scares me and I've been at a clinic rouse taper down and it was not good.
Jessica Tate: I was taped as I was taper down. I was buying
Jessica Tate: Set off the street because I was getting now that that first like quarter I didn't
Jessica Tate: I didn't notice at all. But as we started getting down when once I got to a quarter I was
Jessica Tate: sweaty palms. I mean, the whole nine and I couldn't, I couldn't do it. And I was forced to at this clinic I was I was forced to and that's that's what I'm afraid of. I don't want like I don't want this, but I don't know how
Jessica Tate: Like if
Jessica Tate: I don't, I don't know how to deal with my my pain like I can't take ibuprofen anymore because I've took it so much.
Jessica Tate: That my stomach is a live like it's like at the dentist. I can't take it. So now I take Tylenol, but I tried to kill myself with Tylenol, so that
Jessica Tate: Scares me even more because I had to be life flighted and everything because and they gave me some medicine that would help.
Jessica Tate: The Tylenol like go through my liver and not heard it, and I had to like lay still for three days and they shipped my legs and all kinds of crazy shit. So I like that's what scares me because like
Jessica Tate: We haven't had water in five months until, like, three, three days ago we finally came up with the money and they had to like dig.
Jessica Tate: Holes all around our house. Anyway, we finally got water. So I have a lot of cleaning to do. I stood for two hours that might sink.
Jessica Tate: Yesterday, like doing dishes and I could barely like my husband had to help me sit down.
Jessica Tate: So I'm really scared of that I'm really scared of that because like i still her with the medicine, but not near as bad. I'm
Jessica Tate: not near as bad. And without it, that's what scares that's what scares me and knowing that I can't take ibuprofen. So now that's what scares me. But I do want to be off of this at some point.
Richelle Direny: So part of the reason why
Richelle Direny: When it's kind of like you have a medical condition and you go to the doctor and you go to the doctor, whatever schedule it is weekly, monthly or every other month or what have you.
Richelle Direny: Right. And each time you go, they ask you okay what's. Is there anything new is still the same. If it's your pain level you're gauging it
Richelle Direny: I'm saying, you know, is there an activity that you do that increases your pain level lowers it, you're kind of, it's kind of like I took my daughter to the doctor. The other day
Richelle Direny: And I, they're asking her a question. And she was like, well, not really. But then when she comes home. Then she decides to tell me like I'm the doctor.
Jessica Tate: Right.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like, No, when you go don't dummy it down and then when you come home. Now you want to unleash the deal.
Richelle Direny: Right, because I can't do anything to help you. And so you. It's like explaining when you go, you have to tell them every little thing because I doctrine knows nothing unless you tell them something and
Jessica Tate: Tell
Richelle Direny: Them to go and research to try to figure out what the problem is that
Richelle Direny: They are, they're pretty much researchers, let me research your body and see what is really going on. And let's see if we can identify it.
Richelle Direny: And so I say all that to say it's I know like some people take Suboxone like it curves. The craving some people says it helps with pain and different people says it does different things, they find that it does different things for them outside of the main
Richelle Direny: Reason why you're taking it. So if you find that you know what, I can't see myself like I want to come off of the sock Suboxone but I can't see myself doing anytime soon, because I know in the past I've
Richelle Direny: Kind of lowered it. Now the question is having the conversation with a doctor, what is the dose.
Richelle Direny: Is the doctor taking you down the doses.
Richelle Direny: Is it drastic or is it very minimal. And then as they're doing that identifying
Richelle Direny: Is the pain more in the morning is the pain morning to evening, because now there could really truly be an underlining issue there that they haven't discovered that is really causing you the pain.
Jessica Tate: I actually assess also
Jessica Tate: But I broke my neck and back.
Jessica Tate: And they said, I'd have paid in the rest of my life. But as I've got, it's been
Jessica Tate: It was Christmas Eve 2009 a semi hit me. And I was like, What to grant hospital in Columbus, I was there for like 15 days and
Jessica Tate: After like I healed neck brace for almost a year after I healed. I was, I mean it, her, her. I mean, I found it. It hurt. Why was in there I found out I had scoliosis my spine is literally like an S.
Jessica Tate: And I don't know, since I've had my daughter. I have an 18 year old son. I don't know if you know and then I have a two year old.
Jessica Tate: But like if I stand for long periods of time, and it's weird if I sat down and it still hurts. But if I've been over there or not, like, I find crowd today on like I'm popping a squat. That's what stops them my pain that's anytime, it'll stop it if it's like really hurting bad
Richelle Direny: Do you wear a brace it anytime where they say that appraisal help you know
I
Jessica Tate: I had a brace for a year.
Jessica Tate: And then I just have it back.
Richelle Direny: Did the brief hope when you did it for the year.
Jessica Tate: I mean, I was my bones were still healing. So I had to. But it. I've never they never offered me therapy. They just said hey pain pills and
Jessica Tate: When I find like when I did time I tried to kill myself. I called in and I was like, hey, like I'm addicted to this shit.
Jessica Tate: I don't want to be on it anymore. And she said, well, he's busy with other patients, basically, I called your prescription at the pharmacy and I just had it like I had been I had heard about
Jessica Tate: I'd heard about Suboxone
Jessica Tate: And I had been at that time like waiting list for like a year or two. It was a long time to get and I had been for a year and I knew I was addicted, because I was like, man, I'm tired of taking this shit.
Jessica Tate: And I did. I took a how it's supposed to. And I was just like, I'm tired of taking it.
Jessica Tate: So, like, one day I just didn't take it. I was sick as fuck. I was like, What the hell, like I thought
Jessica Tate: This whole time, like if you take it, how you're supposed to. And I'm taking it because I have pain and I won't be physically addicted to it. And I was, and the nurse just told me go pick up your prescription. So I went home and took a whole bottle of Tylenol PM.
Jessica Tate: And so you're
Richelle Direny: Not really. You never really so because it sounds like she just completely avoided what you're really calling about too.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, yeah. I literally said I'm addicted to
Jessica Tate: This medicine. And I'm like, it's scaring me. I don't want to be on this anymore. Like, I need help. I, I thought they would say,
Jessica Tate: Okay, we're not don't go get your medicine. Let me talk to the doctor and get back to you. She totally blew me off and said, your medicines up emergency. I'm not what happened. And at that point, it had been a year.
Jessica Tate: Since I had got when a waiting list and I had a I was just like, I'm not living like this anymore because like if if I
Jessica Tate: If I
Jessica Tate: Say, I had to go to work. I used to do hair I that's gone. I'm still paying for that too. I'm still paying for my hair, I can't do it like I do my friends of
Jessica Tate: Friends and family, but they'll like set on the floor and I'll cut their hair I which that just makes me wanna cry, thinking about it, but
Jessica Tate: I can't
Jessica Tate: Shit, I should talk about
Jessica Tate: Where was once I talked about
Richelle Direny: That you were saying that what you can't do because of the addiction to the pain pill.
Jessica Tate: Oh, yes, yes. Like when I would if I go to work and they had not called in my stuff yet or the pharmacy wasn't ready like
Jessica Tate: First of all, I was hurting. And second of all, I was sick. I couldn't go to work and cut someone's hair and second
Jessica Tate: But as, like I said, as I've got older sense. Okay, this has been 11 years now since it happened. It's got worse. So, of course, when it's cold.
Jessica Tate: It hurts more when it, when it rains, it can be hot outside, and if it rains, I would just ache literally from the top of my ears clear down to my hips. I would just take all day and I lay
Jessica Tate: I sleep on the heating pad 24 seven I took the pad off. I know it says not to. But I took the pad off and I put it directly on my skin like this thing is so old. It looks black where I've had it so long. And that's how I've lived for like 11 years so
Jessica Tate: I don't want, I don't want to be on this medicine but i what i don't want what I know what's coming because
Richelle Direny: I hear what it will be like
Jessica Tate: Oh yes, I'm, I'm so scared because now if I could take ibuprofen.
Jessica Tate: I think I could deal with it.
Richelle Direny: Or factors.
Jessica Tate: No, I'm afraid.
Jessica Tate: When I got I got in a actually a wreck like probably six years after that and
Jessica Tate: The insurance or the people that was represented us because the drunk driver hit us and the people that were like the lawyers are presented us they send us, they are basically like
Jessica Tate: Let them check you out.
Jessica Tate: And you'll get more money back. My friend did, and I'm like setting in the room with her and he was cracking shit like
Jessica Tate: Like it bothers me for people even Cracked my fingers that freaks me the fuck out. I cannot
Jessica Tate: I do not want people cracking shit on my body. And after I saw them do that. I was like, hell no, you're not touching me. So my friend got like four more thousand dollars. I mean, I, I just, I don't want to be cracked now it's like you go to a chiropractor and not be cracked on cool
Richelle Direny: I don't know. Now,
Richelle Direny: I can't worry. I know, I know, but
Jessica Tate: It freaks me out.
Richelle Direny: Every healing process you're going to experience a little pain. Now, now, now I know I'm not letting you go to a chiropractor. He's like, you walk out of there with more pain than anything else. However,
Richelle Direny: Given that gone to the chiropractors in the
Richelle Direny: In the how they crack you up. You're just like, I'm about to die on this table I'm literally about to die on this thing now.
Jessica Tate: That's what it looked like what she was going through as I was like
Richelle Direny: When they get ready to crack here and they think it
Richelle Direny: Feels like they're snapping and kill you. But when you walk out of there. They'll tell you listen, you're going to be in pain tonight, take this. But let me tell you something, Jessica.
Richelle Direny: The next day, you feel like a brand new person because what they're doing is they're relying realigning your body
Richelle Direny: Now granted, we're asymmetrical but like when you're kind of out of whack there realigning their readjusting everything now the sounds of course sounds like off and just kind of the see the whole process is just like, I don't know why I want to do that. However, it is something to consider.
Richelle Direny: You know, again, sometimes your mind makes things more it blows it up more than it really truly is. But they
Richelle Direny: Think about when you get a cut it goes through before it finally heals you go through a little bit of pain in the process as if
Richelle Direny: It hurts.
Richelle Direny: And it was like oh my god this hurts. But it's going through the healing process. The nerves are reconnecting and everything is going on. So you're going to go through a little pain in order
Richelle Direny: For you finally heal and that's why I use it like sometimes we have scars to remind us of what we went through.
Jessica Tate: Saying
Richelle Direny: I don't want to go back down that road because I remember what I had to go through to get there. And the thing is,
Richelle Direny: With and again I am by no means don't please, don't get me wrong, I am not saying no Suboxone is not good, or no other medication for that matter is good. It's there. We use it, we take it, it serves a purpose. However,
Richelle Direny: To some degree, remember, it creates it, it becomes somewhat of a bandaid to your core issue.
Jessica Tate: That's exactly what it is. I, I agree with that 100% that's exactly what it
Richelle Direny: Becomes a bandaid
Richelle Direny: On until you go through the pain of taking your time and removing the band aid so it can get exposed. So you can get to the core. Because if let's say if
Richelle Direny: There's something else going on there because of the fact that you're taking the Suboxone. The doctor will never ever able to get to the core because they're always dealing with the surface issues until you bring yourself to say I'm a think about. Have you ever taken a super cold shower.
Jessica Tate: Well, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You jump in.
Richelle Direny: You kind of test it out, you're gonna like
Richelle Direny: Running real quick. When you're like,
Richelle Direny: It's the same thing when you have to think about the pain is just like, Okay, I gotta sign my mind, I'm gonna set my mind to it. And then after it, you realize
Richelle Direny: The best person I can and I use my daughter a lot because like I take her to the doctorate. Listen to Africa, you know, like how when they get to a certain age, they have to get a little injections for school.
Jessica Tate: Will
Richelle Direny: The girl will get an award for
Richelle Direny: A girl would get an award for
Richelle Direny: The best
Richelle Direny: For drama in getting your shock for school.
Jessica Tate: That was me. And that's, to me, that's to me.
Richelle Direny: She so we'll go to the doctor and she's like, I tell her what that's where we're going. So she's like, Am I going to get a shot.
Richelle Direny: I mean legit since I had, I know.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I don't want, I don't know.
Jessica Tate: Let's just
Jessica Tate: Go right
Richelle Direny: Then they'll come in with something we're gonna and then it's for. And so then they're like, okay, they'll come in and they're like, okay, and I'm like, excuse me.
Richelle Direny: That's all the nurse, excuse me, I'm gonna need you to get a couple of people coming here to help you. Oh, listen to me. Go get a couple other people to come in here to help me hold her down because I am telling
Jessica Tate: It to be held down to yeah I
Richelle Direny: Said,
Jessica Tate: I understand, right Jackie.
Richelle Direny: You need to go get me off.
Richelle Direny: And so she's carrying on. She's carrying on. She's carrying on. And then after the little pinch goes in and then she stopped and I'm like wasn't even all that bad, was it even all that. Oh, but but she can't get over the fact that she so she has to continue with the
Right.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Come on.
Richelle Direny: What your mind blew up the situation to be and it really truly isn't that bad. But the thing is, if you want to live a life with
Richelle Direny: Not to say that you're no longer going to ever have pain, but not the intensity of the pain that you've been dealing with
Richelle Direny: And you're learning to retrain your mind because the reality is our mind is a very, very powerful tool. And I don't think we know how powerful our mind is
Richelle Direny: It's like you have a cut on your hand and the cook has been there for a whole week. And that is, I just told you is there, all of a sudden. Oh, I gotta hurt that if you if I tell you that was there, you wouldn't know.
Richelle Direny: And that's kind of the whole concept of our mind blow things away more than it really truly is, again, I'm not
Richelle Direny: Minimizing what you're feeling, but sometimes we have to stop and really sequence of events. And really, truly, analyze, when do I feel this pain, do I feel this pain more when I think I'm going to be trading down
Richelle Direny: Then I say, Okay, then this is really truly a mind thing, do I feel this pain more at night.
Richelle Direny: What was I doing, what do I find myself doing around the time that I'm getting ready to settle down.
Richelle Direny: I've been up and down. So you have to really truly walk through the sequence of events. And that's how you can start working on identifying
Richelle Direny: Turnover things now. And as you said when you go to your doctor you are your biggest advocate because, you know, at the end of the day, listen, nothing, nothing in granted. We're on a recording session, but not for nothing.
Richelle Direny: Doctors are all about. You're going to give you a they're going to give you a medication for every little thing that my eyebrow and going up, right. All right, I got
Richelle Direny: You know this.
Richelle Direny: We got a pill for that.
Jessica Tate: You're right.
Richelle Direny: The reality is, like, no, let's explore other things. Let's try other things and then we can use this medication as absolute last resort.
Richelle Direny: Because you have to teach yourself, can I do this without a particular medication. And if I can then I'll continue but if I can't. All right, I'll take one.
Richelle Direny: We're not gonna, we're not going to get too happy with it. If I find that then
Jessica Tate: We can
Richelle Direny: Up a little because when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: They're not going to be a mess of their art. If you don't allow them to be that way because you're in control of you.
Jessica Tate: Right. I think I wouldn't freak out, like, all right, wouldn't. And I know my brains doing it, but like
Jessica Tate: When I was at the other clinic and they were like, Okay, we're going to start putting you down. I had no problem with it. I didn't feel any different, and then
Jessica Tate: When I started filling those withdrawals that freaked me out. And that's all. When I think about that. That's, I can't get that out of my mind how I felt.
Richelle Direny: And
Jessica Tate: It probably wouldn't even bother me because I didn't I, I love my daughter dearly. But I didn't even think my husband could have children and I'm old. I'm almost 40 years old I didn't like I had my son. I was done.
Jessica Tate: That freaks me out. I am her like he works 24 seven, why not now because this damn virus. He got laid off but um I take care of her all the time and it scares me thinking about trying to or being sick and trying to take care of her.
Jessica Tate: Because she has to, and she is wild and like I'm chasing her constantly and that's what like
Jessica Tate: Just thinking about because like I said, they, they did it in quarters and once I got down a half I
Jessica Tate: was sick, and I now. I don't know if it was in my head that I was having diarrhea and the whole nine and that slipped me out, not being able to take care of her, and my pain.
Jessica Tate: And I wish I could get that out of my, I wish I could get out of my head, but I can't. That's the first thing I think about when I, when I think about it, but I don't
Jessica Tate: I want to eventually be off of this. This is not where I want, I don't want to do this my whole life. Like, I've had to cancel. I got to have my husband say we're not going on this trip because I can't pick up my medicine was day like
Jessica Tate: Like, thank God. Dr. Malik was able to talk to him because he was not a happy camper about it, he just thought
Jessica Tate: It was like a Tylenol, basically in his mind and quit fucking taken the shit and we want with your life and he like he explained it to him. But like he was at first he was not happy about it. He was not happy about it.
Jessica Tate: Because it did it. I mean, it still rules, our life. If we get halfway up the road and I didn't take my medicine, we have to turn around, because I'm I'll be fine for the first few hours, but as the day goes on. I'm going to start feeling it and it just, it rolls my life, just like the building.
Richelle Direny: How long were you using the pills prior
Jessica Tate: From the day of my rack December 29 or December 24 2009 and to
Jessica Tate: See, I tried to kill myself in May of 2005
Jessica Tate: Yeah, May of 2009 2015. Sorry. I said, May of 2015 is when
Richelle Direny: So, therefore, you were on these, you were on pain meds and been a and had developed an addiction to these pain pills for years.
Richelle Direny: Yes, so
Richelle Direny: So I use this example in this very minute. But in my mind when I heard the concept of big to apply to a whole lot of other things.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So it was more so I remember after I had my last child. You know, like during pregnancy. Some people experienced and and some people don't, where you have, you know, like when you're looking towards the end of the pregnancy, your foot starts swelling up
Richelle Direny: With a man
Richelle Direny: He had like a little elephant.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I remember that used to happen where sometimes it will get so big that elevated
Richelle Direny: Support go down and you can really wear shoes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Towards the end of my pregnancy, maybe about like six, seven months MIT and my feet started tolima and it would really swell up more towards the end of the day, or what have you, because I'm up and down or what have you. So then
Richelle Direny: After I had my baby. I noticed the same things kept happening. So I said to the doctor, like, Listen, I'm not pregnant wife, my footsteps.
Richelle Direny: And he said, well, when did it starts falling off during the pregnancy and I told him, and he said, so for that whole time I was showing up every day and he said, Yeah.
Richelle Direny: He simply said, well, then what you think you think he's just gonna stop immediately. He's like, No, it's gonna take some time for your body to get readjusted to something new to this.
Jessica Tate: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, understand what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, those hormones are still it's taking its time to come out of your body. So it's gonna take a little bit of time for your foot to not swell up anymore. I use that example. And I remember that example and I use it.
Richelle Direny: Because the reality is if you were on these addictive pain medicine for so many years, your body became dependent upon this medication.
Richelle Direny: Any little pain.
Richelle Direny: Your body was like, oh, we need something we need something because it was so used to anytime something pops up, you gave it to it. So it really used to that.
Jessica Tate: So,
Richelle Direny: You're just trying to say, oh, I want to stop cold turkey, your body's saying
Richelle Direny: I know what I don't know what you're going through.
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Jessica Tate: That's exactly what it is exactly what I said.
Richelle Direny: Because if it for 10 years you've been doing this, your body, your body is going to get real Tai Chi karate, and it's going to kick your butt to be like nine going just change on me like that.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This for like we've been doing this for 10 years. You just can't break up with me.
Richelle Direny: So you're gonna have to slowly get your body back to our right, friend, we're gonna have to slow down a little bit the same working
Richelle Direny: And so you slowly start weaning yourself off of it, even if it takes two years, it's a slow gradual process because in that time as you're slowly doing it.
Richelle Direny: You're also teaching yourself how to live differently, without putting something in your body because you're teaching it. Okay. When I feel this. I tried this.
Richelle Direny: Organic process. I tried these natural remedies you're slowly getting your body used to not depending on a chemical, but depending on something more organic and you're really teaching your brain not to
Jessica Tate: Tell you to reach for that and
Richelle Direny: In that time, it's decreasing your anxiety because a lot of it really is anxiety going wild in your
Jessica Tate: You know it. It's where that you said that because like when I first started taking them. They had like gave me the pills and like
Jessica Tate: I if I took it under the tongue. I felt like I was going through withdrawals and I knew I wasn't
Jessica Tate: I knew I wasn't and I had like an overwhelming to snort it because that's what like in the end. That's what I started doing it hit me quicker. And that's why, like I'm
Jessica Tate: so thankful. They made a generic because for a while for a walk, because I was, I told my husband. I was like, I like I don't, I can't do these pills. I was like I it's like
Jessica Tate: I don't know, like I feel like I'm going to withdraw and I've had. I have medicine in me and I think it was my mind trying to tell me like crush that up and snort it
Jessica Tate: And I
Richelle Direny: Because he needed a quick
Richelle Direny: Fix
Richelle Direny: And yet.
Jessica Tate: So for about four months.
Jessica Tate: My husband bought the which was oh my god so expensive. The actual
Jessica Tate: Like, not, not the generic but actual strips because my insurance wouldn't pay for it. So he he bought it and it was costing us over 500. It was like $559 a month.
Jessica Tate: But in I think God day he did that, and we were able to do that at that time, but he did it for like four months until they got the generic and like I like the pills.
Jessica Tate: And it's you know it's been so long stay with I go to someone's house. And I'm sitting there and like they set their purse down and I hear that jiggle like
Jessica Tate: It goes in my mind like my mind will say they probably have perk set in their purse. Like, why the hell is that that. I mean, I can understand if I was like, if I had used, but I've had an actual pain pill.
Jessica Tate: Since 2015 so that's been almost well in in May will be six years since I've had an actual pain pill and it still does that I went to my mom's my mom does not
Jessica Tate: Like my mom had surgery and took Tyler know I know there's no narcotics in her house whatsoever. I she walks in sets her purse down and it J goals and my mind told me it was like an uppercut say in her
Jessica Tate: In her purse and then I'd like no, your mother doesn't take anything like that. Like why like is that I'm crazy that
Jessica Tate: Is I know I know my mom doesn't have that in her purse.
Jessica Tate: So why would my mind automatically like I just had an overwhelming feeling like they're percocet inner parts. That's crazy. To me, that's
Richelle Direny: And that's quite normal because it's, it's, kind of, you know, so there's, to me there's like a deeper sense but it kind of depends on what you believe in. So
Richelle Direny: For me it's looking at it like everyone knows you know those cartoons, where you have a little angel you in the little red pitch for
Jessica Tate: You right
Richelle Direny: And the little yeah
Jessica Tate: Yeah, that part.
Richelle Direny: That part just like speak louder in your ear. Then the little angel you the angle us look like Jessica. Don't do it. Don't do it.
Richelle Direny: And then the little devil is just like, girl. You remember how much fun we was having when he was doing it, you wouldn't even feel in none of this. You remember you guys just chilled and relax and all of this and it's reminding you of this false sense of fun, you're having to
Richelle Direny: The reality it is it brought you down to destruction and brought you were
Jessica Tate: Everything and life was just
Richelle Direny: Horrible and but it ain't telling you that
Richelle Direny: It was just like, girl. You remember them ties into sitting there, he was just chiming in. And everything seems good. And does that that's what it's telling you
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Keep giving your mind this false sense of reality, it's not telling you, you got to hit rock bottom. And you probably you probably going back
Richelle Direny: It's not going to tell you that angel us right Jessica.
Richelle Direny: Don't
Jessica Tate: You have things on call for you, but
Jessica Tate: You see how come I'm talking
Jessica Tate: Yeah, nice things going for you.
Richelle Direny: You have your hulsman you have this little girl and Life is good. It may not be a better roses, but it's good, you're not having to be in any trouble. Yo, that nothing. You said, I'm saying
Richelle Direny: Yeah, little angel you
Richelle Direny: But this side speaks louder. At some point in time, you have to make that conscious decision and choice to say no, the scar. Look at your scar.
Richelle Direny: Can remember your star all that you went through.
Jessica Tate: You think it's going to do that forever like even after I lost a medicine.
It is
Richelle Direny: I don't. I've never taken it but I go through it as human beings we all go through it because we sit
Richelle Direny: And sometimes it's not good to necessarily stay in our heads because our head brings us back to this false sense of fun that we were having
Richelle Direny: This in life. It's kind of like I personally don't care for reality shows. Because you and I both know you're a housewife. You know what, what real housewife wear stilettos.
Jessica Tate: None. None.
Jessica Tate: Housewives wires.
Jessica Tate: This House wife wears
Jessica Tate: You
Richelle Direny: Don't think
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that have kind of what this side of you makes you think that this life is wonderful and I
Richelle Direny: Wanted, but it doesn't tell you what it's not really telling you is what you have to do to get this false sense of reality of fun and excitement
Richelle Direny: I always say the blurring like people who live a boring life. You never hear them got no charge. Anybody knocking at the door. They have half the stress that other people who's living this life of excitement is living
Jessica Tate: I say oh my news I saw my drug dealer since I've been playing these two years I saw my drug, one of my drug dealers go to jail.
Jessica Tate: Raids and like all around not near my house, but in my town and I'm just like thank. It's just like a sigh of relief. Like I would be in that I would be right along in there and and i i love boring. I wouldn't change it for anything.
Jessica Tate: So like I can't believe I was doing shit like that. I was up in those houses.
Jessica Tate: I was doing all kinds of dumb shit and I just like it just blows my mind that but yes borings amazing to me.
Richelle Direny: But everybody makes you think you live the boring life. Well, you and I and getting into I'm getting in trouble. Like, you ain't my door.
Jessica Tate: You know,
Richelle Direny: I'm not sleeping with one eye open. And that's the reason. Sometimes that's what you have that, like most self talk, that's what you have to tell yourself all the time.
Richelle Direny: And we all have to do it. So it's not to say, oh, no, it's going to stop one day know life is life. Life is made up of good and evil. It's always
Richelle Direny: You just have to make that conscious choice you have this life right now you have a husband, that's there to support you, though you have your past, but he's still there to support you, despite your past. He took you up, despite your past.
Richelle Direny: With you, he still has you despite your past.
Richelle Direny: He didn't see your past. He sees where you are today and what you potentially can be you have your daughter.
Richelle Direny: Now you're going to look at life through your daughter's eyes, you're going to look at your past and you're going to say, baby girl. I don't want you to live that life. Because it ain't right.
Jessica Tate: But
Richelle Direny: How can you teach her, you have to show that example and you're going to have to tell her boring is not that
Richelle Direny: Come on girl. Let's watch this cartoon together and let's laugh at these people together.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, right. Wait, I already know like I am, my I've already had an ultimatum from him like he's not
Jessica Tate: I don't, I don't know if it's just him dealing with like all the stuff with the Suboxone but he's already told me, like, if you go back to that, like, one time. It's done like He already told me that he's like, um, it's like
Jessica Tate: Hey, he's just not having it he's putting up with that i i call it putting up with it because I after he was explain what it is and it's controlled
Jessica Tate: You know, and I have to take drug tests and all that stuff. But if I try to go back to that lifestyle. He's gone like we just bought a house. I'd never thought I'd be able to say
Jessica Tate: Say that but yeah that's that's in my ear. Also, I know that it's done, and he will take my baby and he'll have every right to so
Richelle Direny: Does that mean for you. What do you when he, when you think about that. What does that mean for you.
Jessica Tate: Um,
Richelle Direny: You can't afford it.
Richelle Direny: You can't afford
Jessica Tate: You know,
Richelle Direny: Look at your scar each and every
Jessica Tate: Time.
Richelle Direny: That a thought or a feeling or a smell comes up. Look at that scar and says, I went through hell I refuse.
Richelle Direny: I refuse to go back to the way that's what that scar does look at that scar and you say to yourself, this scar is there for a reason. And I refuse. That's what you do. He took you for what you what your bosses where you are right now.
Jessica Tate: And
Richelle Direny: He says, Jessica. I know you have a pass, but I decided to make this journey go on this journey with you though I don't necessarily like the idea
Richelle Direny: Of the Suboxone but I understand it, and we'll do it together. And I'll be supportive of you. Yeah.
Jessica Tate: And that's where you saying
Richelle Direny: Because he's saying
Richelle Direny: you're realizing, like I said, that evil you and telling you that you got to lose this house this kid and everything that you got going on.
Jessica Tate: And I lost my side. I don't know if I told you that where I he went to live with his dad. Basically, I was forced to give him too bad. I like I could not imagine that I've been away from her one day in her
Jessica Tate: She'll be three in June. I've been away from her one day so that I mean, at the time, it hurt me, but I just got higher so I
Jessica Tate: I feel more, you know, since I mean this when I first started taking Suboxone I loved it because I was like, hell yeah like this is legal and I so high as hell. And after two weeks. I just don't know like I don't get a high value from it and
Jessica Tate: I would tell me not saying I love her anymore and I loved him, but I was just, I just got higher and I dealt with it, but I don't I don't I don't know what it would, I don't know, I guess.
Jessica Tate: Do you think lives are as
Richelle Direny: If you were supposed to, let's say relapse and you go, whether
Richelle Direny: Off of the Suboxone you go back to life. Do you think you will die at this point, like is it like
Jessica Tate: A matter of life or doll. Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: That's all you need to think about. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's a matter of life or death to you, not just losing him or her, but it's a matter of life or death. And that's just kind of how you have to think about it. You were lost. Once you're saved, you don't want to go back
Jessica Tate: Into that darkness.
Richelle Direny: The light is good and I like the light
Jessica Tate: I can see
Richelle Direny: A whole lot of things. When I'm in the light
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But she's gonna have to be a constant reminder for yourself like you have to constantly remind yourself and it goes without saying. When you asked me the question. Do you ever know. I mean, I'm not gonna give you false hope. Now, I'm not gonna lie to you, like, I love my dog.
Richelle Direny: But I
Jessica Tate: totally understand that my mom did that to me.
Richelle Direny: But I'm just saying, I'm not gonna lie.
Richelle Direny: To you will have to constantly remind yourself. This is life or death. And I love this whole life too much. I like the light better than I like the darkness, because that's the reality of what it is you were in the darkness. Now your
Jessica Tate: Life, that's
Richelle Direny: Kind of how you have to, you think about when people say, speak positivity tea into your life. That's how you speak positivity into not this false crazy gravity dogma.
Richelle Direny: It's this. This is life. To me, I like this boring life because this boring life on in the light, I have a husband that loves me. I have a house. I never thought I would have. I have a daughter that I'm with constantly and I'm getting to see
Richelle Direny: Go through everything in life. I like this life, and if it means that I have to say boring until the day I die. That's dog on it. So we do
Jessica Tate: Have one of the girls that I got in the group. Her name is Cassie Pharaoh. We've known each other for years. We used to run together and like do pills. Well, she moved like before I
Jessica Tate: Like started trying to get clean, like she had moved to needles and I was like, seriously thinking about that. That's why. And I definitely afraid of needles still
Jessica Tate: Have to have my blood drawn like I tell them not to show me the needle and don't kill, like, just do it. And I was seriously thinking about it and
Jessica Tate: I'm glad.
Jessica Tate: If I were to go back. I probably
Jessica Tate: Like I'm afraid that that probably what happened and I would die like i don't i don't see her.
Jessica Tate: Like face to face because she has two babies and we do live in the same town but we support each other a lot like all of our friends X friends and say, friends, they still use but we like show
Jessica Tate: So text me like, hey, the baby is digging in his shit rub it on the walls, is that normal and like
Jessica Tate: I know that's crazy. But that's like that's not we used to talk about drugs and that doesn't even come up and it's nice. It's nice to have a friend that like knows that. But she's loving the board knife to she's a housewife. She's a mother. She's clean
Jessica Tate: And so at first it was weird not texting like saying, hey, there's Percocet and we're talking about our babies and given advice and, you know, stuff like that. So it's nice
Jessica Tate: It's nice having, having that
Richelle Direny: My normal
Jessica Tate: Yeah, but I'm, I'm afraid to actually like see her stale.
Jessica Tate: Because I don't know if it will. I haven't seen her probably a few years probably five years. I mean, I'm sorry, through Facebook and stuff. And we we text almost every day but i'm i'm afraid of heights, fear, like it will because I like she
Richelle Direny: For a long time, she was my using
Jessica Tate: Buddy, and she got clean before this clinic, but she was going like through her baby doctor and you know she had to pack the baby up there every week and I was like,
Jessica Tate: I gave her the information, like, Hey, why don't you try this. It's a lot easier when you have babies and they're amazing. And so she got to it, too. But yeah, she's
Jessica Tate: She wants to go like have a play date because her oldest son like 15 months and then she has a baby. It's like nine months or something like that. And I'm just, I'm scared I'm scared to say or yeah
Jessica Tate: And I wouldn't scare there. And if you're so
Richelle Direny: There's a little bit of vulnerability in there and mentally and emotionally you maybe are not at that place right now.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, I don't know what drugs to give to me but I
Richelle Direny: geek out about it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's not about it's all about you and where you are.
Richelle Direny: Until the end emotionally
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I think that, you know, talking about it and working through it, then you get to that point where you say, Okay, well let's do a tester and let me see how I am a man if I'm in that position. And if you go there and you're like, Oh my God, and you freeze up and you feel like, oh,
Richelle Direny: Then you say, Okay, let me back up a little bit. Let me see, what is it about this whole interaction that put me in a bad place. And then you say okay now.
Richelle Direny: I'm at a different place.
It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: testing the water that's all you do you test the what he said oh
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're like, Oh, cool.
Richelle Direny: That's kind of
Richelle Direny: What you have to do.
Richelle Direny: But it's okay it's normal. You know, you're not different, simply because you're going through it. Everybody goes through the same thing, just in a different way.
Richelle Direny: And I think too. It's also important to like you said re evaluate your friends because everyone that say that they were your friend really was never your friend in the first place. And sometimes people come back in your life.
Richelle Direny: Act like your friend gain your trust and then they bring you right back down that road.
Richelle Direny: So sometimes finding new friends is best
Jessica Tate: Yeah, until she got clean. We had no contact what so ever. But like, when she got pregnant like that totally changed her like if it's it's were just saying her
Jessica Tate: Or just like just seeing her life on Facebook or like the stuff she she tells me like those I I believe there's babies saved her and I believe my baby is helping save me because I'm like I said, I've tried this before and it never worked in ever worked and I've never seen her.
Jessica Tate: She's been clean a long time too. And it's just I think it's maybe, like you said, just like knowing that
Jessica Tate: If you have back to its best or you're going to lose your family and but i i under I do understand that what you're saying, too, but like I lost my family last time. So I don't, I guess what's confusing to me is, what's the difference and I wasn't okay with it. Like I would get high.
Richelle Direny: Because you're in a different time and cry.
Jessica Tate: And I would cry about it and I still wanted by baby but i i don't know i just didn't do anything to get clean or
Richelle Direny: Think about it, things are different things are different from back then. And I think that's where I find that people kind of misconstrue. They're like,
Jessica Tate: What's different what's different.
Richelle Direny: Is that the way they're doing drugs now is very different from how they did it back then. Now it's the supply and demand. They're leasing it with different things they're doing a whole lot of more new and innovative things. So the next time might
Be
Richelle Direny: Good night, permanently.
Jessica Tate: Or if it's not good.
Richelle Direny: Night permanently, you will be a shell.
Richelle Direny: You understand, you will be no good to yourself. It could be the whole lot different. You lose your house you lose your child, but now you're still alive.
Richelle Direny: But now you're a vegetable, or you're confined to a chair or now you're left with your mind, but your functionality is not is it could be way worse than it could you understand
Richelle Direny: Yeah. The question is, do you want to go for
Now,
Jessica Tate: Do you have a lot of people like gain weight on this.
Jessica Tate: Because they're not doing drugs and more because I fucking I'm not gonna lie. Fucking blew up. I've been 120 my whole life. I'm like 160 I mean of course I gained that because I had my daughter, but I can't.
Richelle Direny: But then the difference is the question is where you a little bit more active before your daughter.
Jessica Tate: Oh we out Jason drugs, but
Richelle Direny: Either way, after you had your daughter did you stay had maintained a more inclusive life where you're not as active as you once were.
Jessica Tate: Even outside. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Also a different thing, because
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's inclusive, you're really home, you're not really so everything you do. And if you eat later whatever the situation is and that could have beer impact now.
Jessica Tate: This is eating late have is that not good.
No.
Jessica Tate: I can't wait because I eat rice.
Richelle Direny: At like 11 o'clock at night.
Jessica Tate: That's what I do. I don't eat during the day and then I eat at night, why everyone's asleep.
Jessica Tate: And then I'll have to share my food with her.
Jessica Tate: Son. Plus, I can have a whole sandwich by myself.
Richelle Direny: You want to transfer you
Richelle Direny: Know the difference
Richelle Direny: I do go Hi to eat candy. Don't worry. I do.
Jessica Tate: So,
Richelle Direny: So that is a factor that is a factor.
Richelle Direny: But again, if there's any other medical things. I mean,
Richelle Direny: More to Dr. James and as you can.
Jessica Tate: Tell what
Richelle Direny: Those are the simple things that I can think about like
Richelle Direny: Okay, I, I have
Richelle Direny: just naturally gain weight after my child, but I'm not as active as I once was. And I'm like, you said you're eating late at night and you're eating.
Jessica Tate: Crap. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So that is a factor, but if the medication has anything to do with it. You really have to talk to her to see
Jessica Tate: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You know what the issues are. But, you know, overall, I just think, you know, you have to really truly if your goal is to eventually
Come off of the medication.
Richelle Direny: I would definitely start working on looking at the sequence of events of when you feel the pain more and having more of an open dialogue with Dr. Jamison
Richelle Direny: Out it to see you know what you can identify and asked her. Is that related to the medication or could it be something else because there could be other things going on, and you would never know, simply because you're on the Suboxone
Jessica Tate: Or right you
Richelle Direny: Never know.
Richelle Direny: Yet people are getting this this coronavirus and then they're finding out. Oh, did you know you had this going. I know, I know I had that
Great.
Richelle Direny: Because you were taking a medication that never allowed you
Richelle Direny: To find that out.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: That's just kind of where you are. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right. Okay. I'm moving forward. I would definitely
Richelle Direny: Encourage you you know if you ever need to check in, you can always just let me know. I know you're on the calendar for the 13th is one day rescheduled you for so I can remove it and you just reach out when you need to check in with me. Okay.
Jessica Tate: Well, if she how, why did. Why does she recommended because whatever she wants us to see you once a month or once every two months.
Richelle Direny: It's up to me. So we could do one someone
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So if you want. We could just leave it on the 13th, I think, is whatever they would like to know us and the
Cognition
Jessica Tate: Yep.
Richelle Direny: All right, thank you so much.
Jessica Tate: All right. Thank you.
Jessica Tate: You're Welcome. Have a good day. Bye.